Brief - Version control, showing features added/removed/changed in each version.
Author - Jack Matters

Version - 01
Date - 20/05/2017
Brief - Very late start... Started with JavelinThrowScript to get all data read in from files and placed into data
	structures. Also got a word to be chosen at random from the data structure, and comparison of each letter
	in a word to user input. Once word has been typed out by user, new word is randomly chosen. Tested within
	Unity scene and it works fine. Just need to display current word and current word progress to screen for
	player to type out, then I'll go from there.

Version - 02
Date - 21/05/2017
Brief - Altered JavelineThrowScript to display the current word thats needs to be typed to the screen. Each letter
	is either blue (has been typed), green (next to be typed), or black (coming up). Also put a timer in top
	left of screen. After 15 seconds, the words will switch from 4-5 letters to 6-7 letters (this represents
	the changing of event state). The first 15 seconds will be the running phase, the next 15 seconds will be
	the throwing phase, and after that will be (hopefully) animation and then the ending screen showing stats.
	Tested this and all works fine. I also created images to be used as sprites. So far I have created flags
	for 50 yards/meters? - 500 yards/meters? (with an interval of 50) for a total of 10 flags. I also created a
	simple (extremely simple) running pitch. Just need to find a grass image, and a background image to be used.
	Next thing I plan to do is add in a running speed variable that increases with each word typed and decreases
	with each incorrect character, and similarly one for the throw power. I also plan to create 'the field'
	(place all flag distance markers, run track, background, grass, etc).

Version - 03
Date - 24/05/2017
Brief - Altered JavelinThrowScript to display a pause screen between different event states. These pause screen inform
	the player of how to complete the next section. I also completed the game layout with the flag markers placed
	and the grass and running track placed, as well as the background. Next thing I'll work on is adding a spear 
	that is thrown depending on run speed and throw power. I will have it so max run speed and throw power will
	hit the 500m/yard mark, minimal for both will throw 1m/yard, and any other combination will land somewhere 
	in-between. I plan to weigh more on throw power, as it contains longer words to be typed out.

Version - 04
Date - 29/05/2017
Brief - Completed Javelin Throw Event. Had difficulty using 2D physics with the javelin sprite (whenever it collided with
	the ground, OnCollisionEnter2D() was not called, although it collided in the test screen). So to get around this,
	I just changed the transform of the javelin. It doesn't make for a smooth animation that is consistent with 
	distance thrown, but it works. I also added a player sprite with animation for running down the track, with the
	camera following. Also added ending screens showing final stats.

Version - 05
Date - 29/05/2017
Brief - Made a simple main menu that navigates through different windows such as help and controls. Also started on 3D 
	world. Currently have a working FPS camera and a menu that can accessed using the Esc key.

Version - 06
Date 30/05/2017
Brief - Added to the 3D world. Put wooden barricades around to enclose the player in a certain area, with banners in-between
	at certain sections. By walking through/under these banners, the player starts the event that is on the banner. Upon
	completion of the event, the user is moved back to the 3D world. Also made a terrain with grass. I plan to add in 
	race tracks if I get the time. I also added some tents that would be used for shade by the participants (adds to the
	visual effect).